Update credit card mask sequence (#10756)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/faq/commonly-used-log-processing-rules.md

  pattern: (?:4[0-9]{12}(?:[0-9]{3})?|[25][1-7][0-9]{14}|6(?:011|5[0-9][0-9])[0-9]{12}|3[47][0-9]{13}|3(?:0[0-5]|[68][0-9])[0-9]{11}|(?:2131|1800|35\d{3})\d{11})
```

> The above rule may cause interference when connecting logs and traces as trace id's can match the above format. If connecting logs and traces and you wish to use the above regular expression, consider the below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above rule may cause interference when connecting logs and traces as trace IDs can match the above format. If connecting logs and traces and you wish to use the above regular expression, consider the below example:
```
